Update redshift-configs.md (#5744)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/redshift-configs.md

#### Changing materialization from "materialized_view" to "table" or "view"

Swapping a materialized view to a table or view is not supported.

> You must manually drop the existing materialized view in the data warehouse before calling `dbt run`.

Reviewer: Hiya @mirnawong1 

I'm probably doing something wrong but I couldn't find this section in Vercel. I did find the previous (red) sentence in the dbt docs.

Kind Regards

## Unit test limitations

Redshift doesn't support [unit tests](/docs/build/unit-tests) when the SQL in the common table expression (CTE) contains functions such as `LISTAGG`, `MEDIAN`, `PERCENTILE_CONT`, and so on. These functions must be executed against a user-created table. dbt combines given rows to be part of the CTE, which Redshift does not support. 

> Please contribute by upvoting [this dbt-redshift issue](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/issues/8499) for unit tests to work properly in this scenario.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to support this pattern in the future, dbt would need to "materialize" the input fixtures as tables, rather than interpolating them as CTEs. If you are interested in this functionality, we'd encourage you to upvote this issue in GitHub: [dbt-labs/dbt-core#8499](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/issues/8499)
```

Author: Love it!

> In order to support this pattern in the future, dbt would need to "materialize" the input fixtures as tables, rather than interpolating them as CTEs. If you are interested in this functionality, we'd encourage you to upvote this issue in GitHub: [dbt-labs/dbt-core#8499](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/issues/8499)

Author: ```suggestion
In order to support this pattern in the future, dbt would need to "materialize" the input fixtures as tables, rather than interpolating them as CTEs. If you are interested in this functionality, we'd encourage you to participate in this issue in GitHub: [dbt-labs/dbt-core#8499](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/issues/8499)
```
